[MIX][DOCS] Improving global documentation (#194)
CANopenNode/CANopenEditor: Tests/README.md

Tests
=============

> This directory only contains unit tests for the lib for now. More tests, functional tests or tests for the CLI might be added later. All tests shall be written is C# and executable on Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains unit tests for the library and CLI. All tests shall be written in C# and run on all supported OS
```

https://github.com/CANopenNode/CANopenEditor/blob/main/Tests/CLITest.cs contains cli test, the rest is library.
